States release notes 0.14 (#1359)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.14/release-notes/13579_State_Identity_Transitions.md

> Identity state transitions are a niche feature that's been missing in previous implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users have sometimes asked for us to trigger exit and entry steps when moving from a state to itself.
While this has its uses (refreshing is the core idea), it can be surprising and unwanted in other cases.
We've found a compromise that lets users hook into this type of transition if it's something they need.
```

> Starting now, `StateEventTransition` events will include transitions from a state to itself!
> (Identity transitions will also propagate to all dependent `ComputedStates` and `SubStates`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`StateEventTransition` events will now include transitions from a state to itself,
which will also propagate to all dependent `ComputedStates` and `SubStates`.
```

Because it is a niche feature, `OnExit` and `OnEnter` schedules will ignore the new identity transitions by default,

> but you can visit the new `custom_transitions` example to see how you can bypass or change that behavior!

Reviewer: Add a link to this example :)
